hello and welcome as you can see this is
my first review and I'll be showing you
the babymetal feel your Viking tops from
Hasbro as you can see this is flame
shelter with the blue clip and the green
and I have not the USA anyways let's get
on with the flame Sagittario as you can
see everything is separated now I'll put
there is and is very short it's quite
heavy like because when any type type in
here tap type the taps the bottom hit
and lose but that I could live with and
now you're going to see let's go three
two one go
so as you saw it's been for a long time
waiting I would give a 3 out of 5 just
because of the spin fair and I would
rather buy pink nipples so that's my
review of the pinch on this area bye